welcome folks to episode 822 of
Minecraft and i'm using the philips mod
yes I hopefully I pronounced that right
now this mod implements for new blocks
into Minecraft that are suggested to be
included into Minecraft so here we have
the first one called an alligator now
what I have here is I have rigged up a
chest or a minecart chest with a coal
and also sand and here we have an
alligator we've allocated the role of
collecting cold the okay and I should
not have done that I will get the al
Qaeda back and I'll show you just place
it down like this and you right click
with them with that and place it down
with kona switch over to survival mode
so that won't happen again and then the
end the next of the second allocate I've
put sand in here and it is the arrows
look where the arrows are pointing okay
it's not a very good example okay look
with the arrows are pointing now their
arrows are pointing towards the furnace
so if the actual thing works correctly
we should get the coal and the furnace
together to make some glass so let's go
I rigged this up ready and I'm gonna
push it along and gobble gobble gobble
it's gonna gobble it up ready ah I'm
gonna have to push it again this one
didn't go off all right there we go come
on be success there we go we have
success now look at this I've tested out
these mine carts are very buggy now they
are go speed the speed is very rampant
and outraging but here we have the glass
is actually smelting currently we have
all the coal and we have all these sand
included I don't think that's all the
sand though we are still collecting one
by one each revolution it gives off one
sort of block or item as it goes past so
you can see continued filling up there
goes six and once it turns around again
it's very slow if you add their go goes
up to six now I've used up all my cult
so I won't have any coal left but there
you can see that it is giving off the
glass and that's a pretty cool effect if
you want to automate everything and this
this is a definite inclusion into
Minecraft I can see this happening now
the next one is called the jump pad now
this is basically like a trampoline you
basically jump on
ad and it acts as a jumping castle of
joy such as a trampoline now the only
complaint I have about this is that if
you hold shift you should be able to
stop jumping there is no way of actually
stopping jumping without hurting
yourself see I lose a quite a bit of
damage quite a bit of hearts using this
sort of jump pad to actually get
anything out of it then they're just
jumping up to maybe a higher story maybe
maybe instead of using doors maybe you
can use this jump pad to jump over to
your house I'll be pretty cool jump to a
second story part of your house I like
that idea now the way you craft of the
actual jump pad is by using a slime ball
and a pressure plate to create for jump
pads now also i forgot to show you how
to craft the allocator using six
cobblestone to redstone and also won
gold ingot now moving on we are going to
be using the chest trap now I'm going to
switch over to creative mode because I'm
gonna fall down we in here and this is a
pretty cool nifty feature I can see it
being applied to servers now this one is
a dead giveaway but look at this this is
a normal chest it looks like a normal
chest right but if you enter and your
items in if you take any items out it
gives off a redstone signal and let's
get out of you there we go once you've
ever ok once you put in or eggs I forgot
I forgot that I put down three teen
teases like okay there's one explosion
and there's more alright so I'm like I
said the chest if you implement tell if
you add in something if I go break this
if you add in actually will place this
one down so you guys can see it actually
in work so you can see it over here if I
place some items in it gives off a
redstone signal if I take some items out
it also gives a redstone signal so it's
a a nice sort of anti air protection if
someone's anti stealing protection if I
want to steal this snow voila we set up
a TNT and kaboom alright but I've
strategically placed down is so I won't
get a little bit damaged but that's a
pretty cool nifty feature which again I
think should be implemented into my car
all these things
should be implemented into Minecraft
they really also meant does this mod
developer hands are taking these
suggestions and created mods into them
which are kind of cool and I really show
off how a new block should be
implemented into Minecraft now it's
clear out inventory and they'll look at
this this is called a fan now this one
is sort of Lee buggiest out of all of
them if I get some items such as and
also get a torch if you just turn him on
it's a standard fan now the animations
are very buggy you can see I drop it and
there goes like sort of jittery like
they're armed and it's not too
impressive it uses a redstone signal to
be power if I just turn that off it
won't do anything we'll just stay there
and they found put the TNT there and
turn it on while I should get pushed
over there and while I goes I wish there
wasn't more resource moving sort of
animation to it but unfortunately there
isn't end this one's basically the same
if I drop the torch over there it shall
get pushed and pushed and there we go so
the way craft the fan is is by using
that you don't want me show you there we
go is by using cobblestone iron ingots
and also redstone now all four of these
blocks should be implemented in my
opinion into Minecraft there and
hopefully they do maybe some of them
over the others the jump had Ruby forth
and the actual fan would be third the
chest wrap second and the allocator
first there that's my ordering of my
opinion and I give this mod a 9 out of
10 Ferb's one thing that this mod can
fix up on is the fan maybe a just the
make it a little bit more smoother the
animation of that because we don't want
to see any jagged movements in Minecraft
that doesn't feel or look too appealing
to the minecraft user and also the jump
at being able to get off the jump pad
nice and safely if you hold the shift
key once you jump on the jump pad and
that should stop you from jumping that's
just my opinion I've seen that in the
trampoline mud so I'm just I'm sort of
borrowing that idea from the trampling
mod and implementing it into the jump
pad and that'll make it a much more
safer experience so I think you guys
watching don't forget to rate comment
and subscribe and as always have a nice
day